But what does fast mean?
And so this is gonna bring
us to our first exercise.
Now in the materials that I posted in
chat, and as available on the website,
there is a performance
comparison worksheet.
Now this is a Google Sheets.
You're gonna wanna take a copy of this so
you can edit it,
and it shows you four websites.
Let's have a look at that.
It shows you four websites, NPR, CNN, New
York Times and The Wall Street Journal.
These are all new sites of with
varying levels of how they make money.
NPR being a publicly funded organization,
CNN being almost purely advertising
funded New York Times and
Wall Street Journal being various
mixes of subscription and advertising.
And each of them has taken
a slightly different approach
in how their website is designed.
Before we dig into metrics, I want to
know what you think these websites are.
And so I'd like you to open up
a incognito window in Chrome and
visit each of these sites.
Kind of scroll through it,
see what you think and rank these sites,
one to four, one being the fastest and
four being the slowest.
Take a minute or two or five to do that.
And then we're going to come back and
we're going to talk about
what those scores mean.
If you're unable to edit, remember that
you need to make a copy of the worksheet
into your own Google Drive or whatever
before you're gonna be able to edit it.